It's ungrateful all over the world that only he
know is a disruption of the psp and the
marriage itself had 44 separate 10 that
either the stop with him and is already quite
It has often been to sao paulo of
where making bags of this size that
put in my cow would arrive one day in the
The other day, I 'll go again and train and
competing and was capped was the
public structure
My wife will find out if you are missing
some of his face launched by him
and I think this ball is not just
The thing that needs to come out with him was
Now, who is going to do what I'm going to do?
now some of the house in the Maya has to do
seventy- five years old and now goes
now it's time to approve or not approved
because the done
The dream is yours to conquer it alone.
It's up to you to have to suffer only this.
But I have to try not every day and
I 'm stronger than I am
I wanted you to have to adapt it.
For your life you have to leave you.
have to breathe while he was talking
all the time with the people that happen
but I do not have that craving
about training I get the shot back beyond
limit
this causes on the next street
a year of work with a minute and a half
of the stage that is willing to do so
i